Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.


A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user's hard drive. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a web site. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. We use cookies to automatically log you in (upon choosing that option), store preferences, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.


As a result of your visit to our site, third party website such as ad server and statistics companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: Google, Facebook.


We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect or use any personal information from children under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to us or the Website by visitors who are younger than 13 years old or by minors in general.


Although we cannot guarantee against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of data, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information such as passwords, although effort has been made to protect your information with encryption where necessary. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Passwords are required to include a minimum amount of numbers, uppercase letters and lowercase letters, so please write down your password and keep it safe.


We store the following personal information:

Cookies with information about preferences you have selected on the website, auto-login details if such was chosen, and various timestamps that will help with notifying you of new events such as challenges.
Upon registering, your email address, username, password and IP address will be stored privately. This will make it possible to provide a unique account for you to play on.
Upon login, your IP address will be stored privately, this will help us keep players from registering multiple accounts and challenging themselves, giving them an unfair advantage.

Purpose of processing data:

Your email address is processed for the purpose of making a unique user account available to you.
Your IP address is processed for the purpose of preventing and detecting fraudulent access to you user account.

Data deletion:

Contact us from the email address of your registered user account with the subject "Data deletion" to request deletion of any data we have related to you.

You account information will be stored for as long as you are registered. If you no longer wish to be registered, please contact us from the email address of your registered account and ask to be removed. We will anonymize your public details and delete any connections to third party social signins, but please note that you will not be able to register a new account with the same email address. If wish to know what information is stored specifically, feel free to send us an email in the same manner.


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, and to collect information, and personal information, in addition to the information described in this policy. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time as it may change. Your continued use of the Websites after such change constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use the Website or to opt out by sending us an appropriate notice.