Terms of Use
Disclaimer for NinjaManager
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.


NinjaManager accepts no responsibility for the actions of its members (i.e. self harm, vandalism, suicide, Homicide, Genocide, Drug abuse, Changes in sexual orientation, Bestiality, etc). NinjaManager will not be held responsible and does not encourage any of the above actions or any other form of antisocial behaviour. Although NinjaManager is highly addictive, we encourage you to spend time with your family and loved ones, do not forget them. Remember, NinjaManager is just a game.


We did not create any of the anime and/or manga series that may be listed on NinjaManager, nor did we have any part in the production process. NinjaManager is a fan site created by dedicated fans on their free time, for other dedicated fans to enjoy and hopefully to cultivate Japanese animation even more.

General Terms
The Terms of Service below can be changed at any time. A major change to these Terms of Service will be announced but it is the responsibility of the player to be aware of and comply with these Terms of Service at all times. Failure to be in compliance with these Terms of Service may result in the immediate deletion of your account.
In addition to these Terms of Service, there is a page of Game Rules. Anything stated in the Game Rules is in Addition to the Terms of Service and does not cancel anything in the Terms of Service.
Players agree to abide by all game rules and understand that any violation may result in punishment up to and including the deletion of your account.
You are allowed to register up to two accounts, but remember that challenging your own teams or in any way trying to cheat is strictly forbidden and may lead to deletion of your accounts(s).
Account sharing is strictly against the game rules. Sharing your account and/or password will only lead to trouble, and we cannot restore your team or change password for you.
You are responsible for all actions involving your account. This includes posting an illegal/offensive picture within your account, all message board posts and information exchanged in chat.
Every player must respect every other player and individual in society. You must not discriminate against someone because of his or her age, gender, skin color, sexual preference, religion or personal beliefs. Any player found to be actively discriminating against another player or member of society in any way including, but not limited to the player's character name, message board posts and chat room conversations will have their accounts terminated and further action may be taken.
NinjaManager encourages and allows users to post and/or exchange opinions, information, and ideas that may appear in message boards or chat. Please be advised that these player generated opinions, information and ideas do not necessarily reflect the views of NinjaManager. While we occasionally do monitor player generated content, in no event does NinjaManager assume or have any responsibility or liability for any of this content or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from their use and/or appearance on or in conjunction with NinjaManager or elsewhere. Users remain individually responsible for their ideas, messages and opinions. However, NinjaManager still has the right to modify/delete and refuse to post any player generated content that violates these Terms and Conditions. We can also remove the privileges of the users that violate these Terms and Conditions.
Donations and/or payments of any sort made to NinjaManager to help in the cost of running and maintenance and/or any other premium features made through an online vendor are non-refundable. There are exceptions to this rule however, such as when a minor without approval have accessed your credit card. Contact us and we will do our best to solve this issue as soon as possible.
NinjaManager does not guarantee or make any representations regarding the use or the results of donating/paying through sites such as paypal with regard to their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. The entire risk is carried by you (i.e. not NinjaManager). You assume the complete cost of any necessary servicing, repair or correction.
Players agree not to, through software or other methods, interfere with the site operation and page content. Players agree to follow all administrator requests and instructions.
Other sections of the game may have their own rules (such as the chat rooms and the forums.) These rules are an addition to the Terms of Service and not a replacement. Violation of these rules is considered to be a violation of the Terms of Service and will be dealt with accordingly. Please make yourself familiar with all game rules before playing. Failure to be familiar with the game rules is not an excuse for breaking them and will not be accepted as a defense of your account.
This site and all the materials contained on it are distributed and transferred on an "AS AVAILABLE" and "AS IS" basis, without warranties of any kind, either implied or expressed. To the fullest extent permissible under the applicable law, NinjaManager disclaims all warranties, implied or expressed, including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. We do not guarantee that the functions or materials contained within this site will be uninterrupted and error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site and the servers that make it available are free of viruses and other harmful components.
NinjaManager does not guarantee or make any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials within this site with regard to their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise. The entire risk is carried by you (i.e. not NinjaManager). You assume the complete cost of any necessary servicing, repair or correction.
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, NinjaManager, its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, licensors, representatives and third part providers to this site will not be liable for damages of any kind including, without limitation, incidental, indirect, special, consequential, compensatory or any similar damages, that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials contained on this site, whether the material is supplied by NinjaManager or any third party.
Not withstanding the foregoing, in no event shall NinjaManager have any liability to you for any claims, damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort or otherwise).
Any individual who attempts to hack, gain unauthorized entry, reverse engineer or affect the system integrity of NinjaManager (including attempting to access any internal part of the game from an offsite location) will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Any uploaded files, be it pictures or text files and mail sent or received are not the responsibility of NinjaManager, but responsibility of the player that uploaded the file or sent the mail.
NinjaManager accepts no responsibility for content published by users of this site. Do NOT accept any files or any chat requests from anyone outside the game if you do NOT trust or know the person.
NinjaManager reserves the right to terminate any account at any time regardless of donator status. We will however not terminate your account without giving a reason.